Well,
it will be a bit late because we are just
Yeah.
investigating, I think,
with the new this pool.
Yeah, database stuff or what is it?
Ohh.
that the events from the data stream and
then processing it with the cloud
Yeah.
Hmm.
function.
So we are testing it if it works
currently.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Good.
So, just...
I've prepared my report.
Let's copy.
Can go there yourself or can share as
well.
I'm just selecting all the topics and
then we can all check mark all of them.
Just need to,
I want full-time full picture of
everything required for go live.
And so we have it documented once and for
all.
And.
Yeah.
get it out of my head and your head into
tasks.
Yeah.
Ohh.
Good. So sharing, I can share the screen.
I.
Just make this a bit smaller.
Okay, that's from the go-live document.
I mean, we can clearly see the gaps here.
The gaps here.
That one.
There's a gap, I think,
or we need to discuss,
let's put it like that,
we need to discuss.
And then, of course,
if we want to have it, would be the De.
That's one thing.
Can I freeze this like that? Good.
We still don't have this deaf environment.
No,
the decision is to use the four RT for
anything we want to run for desk purposes.
Oh.
So that's just, I accepted it.
At some stage,
Ugh.
they accepted the additional overhead it
creates, right?
It's more work later to tear down.
Yeah,
but it will have some issues because this
project shares the same secret manager.
So if we need a different secret for the
De environment,
how we should proceed with this.
Mm.
Um...
For example.
Can you not spin up?
Two key secret managers in the same
project.
Not sure I can. I will check this, but...
The idea is to have...
Environments within the project.
Maybe that's the framing environment.
Mm.
within project and you would just
virtually have one key cloak. I always.
Yeah, that's just not an issue,
key cloak and so on,
but the secret manager is just one.
Okay.
For the whole project.
I see secret,
because that's a Nate is cloud tool,
I, I...
et cetera, right? It's not a...
No, I will, I will check, by the way,
but I think it's just like that. Let,
Mhm.
let Max ask Gemini.
Yeah.
Matt.
is the idea.
Yeah.
Something like that,
just to make it a bit.
Mhm.
More visual, we we are in WL4 test,
I should add.
Yeah,
it's not possible to have in one project.
Secret in the secret manager to.
I mean...
Uh-huh.
Two secrets with the same name,
it's not possible.
So you cannot make something like groups
or something like that.
Bye.
Okay,
then I think what helps us is this
reasoned requirement we had anyway.
Let me share.
Regarding a bit.
more flexibility when mapping consumers
to secret secrets, this one.
Mm.
We have the issue.
that we have two users.
Sorry, that's the wrong page.
Let me quickly.
Yeah,
and we also in for the cloud for look,
Okay.
yeah.
We also have secrets there.
That's the point.
So we want something like...
Hmm.
Where is it? Where is the peer?
We want either a prefix.
Yeah.
Or post-fix.
S.
And then we can add like the the
environment to it.
Yeah, yeah,
but this should be also discussed with
Thanks.
Boyan, at least the diffs.
Yeah.
Let me check if he's coming, by the way.
Yes, all good, so...
Oh.
Yeah.
It's not answering.
Mhm.
Up.
OK, socks.
Good, just putting this.
Are there any other topics,
except this because we can discuss this
when Boyan joins?
We can quickly go through.
This one here at the bottom.
Can you check on the Azure Service Bus
configs? I mean,
it's part of just completing the go live
doc.
For test, for prod,
we need to make sure everything is on the
Ohh.
go live page.
So, let's see, transparent.
Is that A is BQ?
Lobster or something like that, is that?
Exactly the ASB stuff.
Okay.
I'm not sure if it's all there for all
environments.
No, it's not. I have talked with Pascal.
One.
So, that's one task. Then, what was that?
One more thing,
just relates to dev and Raul,
we want it to be.
I think that's what we just discussed
right now.
Call sweet mapping, what we discussed.
Matrix, the status is here, yeah,
maybe that was a little cleanup.
what is the status is just there for my
proposal.
Mhm.
We can also remove it or you say
available or set up, something like that,
because you don't know if that name and
environment is just a proposal or if the
bucket is actually there.
That's what I want to know.
Ohh.
Like,
is it pending or is it already created?
That's it.
Yes, okay.
I will,
I think I have edited and put the that
Support.
bucket that I have created today.
I think.
Okay.
Of the.
Can scroll down just to check if it's...
Cem.
Mhm.
Here it is.
Yeah.
Bye.
No.
Scrolling down,
add still status to be discussed,
or did you just refresh?
Yeah, it's still to be discussed.
So that would be good to have. So Boyan,
quick.
Wrap up.
I wanted to have a full picture.
for the go live, what's missing,
how are we going to handle UAT and the
potential death environment and so on.
These red borders marking the gaps.
And also the decision was made to use
W4TT for everything, obviously,
because we don't have a death.
So...
Nikolay and I just checked that we're
going to have these, let's say,
virtual environments within the same
project. We'll work with RT.
We can deploy instances of key cloak,
instances of our components. However,
Secret Manager can only be deployed once.
Maybe we should have like an X here.
Where is it?
like this and that created the question
that we actually had in a similar way
this morning regarding the Cloud for Lock
clash with credentials.
So the proposal is probably to use the
same solution here and then have
namespaced.
Credentials like...
Something like this, first of all,
this poll and then ABN or so.
That would be the key here,
and here it would be.
Oh P.
Isn't this adding additional effort
pretty much to already like quite busy?
Did you?
Cem.
Idea, we have to, because, like...
And.
What? Yeah.
Isn't it?
Isn't it a better idea just to...
Because I get what the issue is with the
secrets and everything.
The thing here is...
Can't we just create separate pipelines
because we're talking about two
additional pipelines right now?
Because the production,
obviously we can adjust the production to
be to the Oracle database because they
are not working with the 1034 anymore.
So basically what we can do is just
modify the pipeline to be for.
to be for like the broad database for
1060.
But what we can do is just simply create
2 separate pipelines.
There should be exactly as the one
currently for test,
but with modified secrets.
Right.
So you want to make the prod the
temporarily UAT?
No, no, no,
I mean the prod could stay prod,
but we'll make it just for the Oracle
1060 prod database. I mean,
we'll just modify the secrets there to be
able to deploy for for the actual for the
current release for on production,
but like for...
Huh?
for the test and for the...
I mean, for test one,
do we have any issues right now?
I mean,
I just wanted to separate ABN environment
completely from UAT.
because you will have changes on ABN
maybe when you don't want to introduce
them to UAT.
So you need separate virtual environments
for them.
In the same project, unfortunately.
Mm.
What do we?
Up.
Matt.
Okay,
just to say that TMS bridge in prod also
What?
have all the secrets for Oracle,
for the cloud for lock. And there is 1060,
but it is with that user that don't have
write access.
So, we should,
so we should somehow distinguish between
Exactly, that's.
if if this secret is for cloud for lock
or the secret is for the new this port,
I don't know.
Right.
That's where this topic comes in from
this morning Boyan, where we said,
let's have some kind of prefix or postfix,
which allows us to route to explicit
Ohh, you mean just for the databases?
I mean, for the databases,
What was it?
like it's we could we could use like the
approach we should be coming up,
which should probably cover this scenario
as well,
and this should be described somewhere.
I mean,
if it's just for the database secrets,
I mean we should be able to probably come
up with an approach which is like also
fixing this issue, like...
My what I thought that we were discussing
right now is when it comes like to non,
for example, non.
Uhh...
Not secrets which are like database
secrets, but rather, for example,
like we just had a discussion about,
let's say, the CDC. For example,
Uh-huh.
how do we make sure that we paste the
proper, like secret,
it's not a secret value,
but rather a variable,
the proper variable, let's say,
for the subscription name to each.
environmental,
each environment because for this issue I
think that we should create separate
pipelines when it comes to the database
secrets and I think that we should pretty
much use the postfix or something which
the suffix not postfix but the suffix
which or the any approach you come up
with it should handle those cases as well.
Okay.
But,
but it's like there are different topics,
as I see it once is about the different
databases, because, like, for example,
Okay.
for a single database, we want to have,
for example, four different connections,
let's say.
Yeah.
And the other topic is about, like,
let's say, for example,
topic name or subscription name when it
comes to the CDC mechanism. Because, like,
I see. Yeah.
for the second one,
I believe that different pipelines should
do the job,
because basically I think this is how
this is supposed to work,
because ideally you want to deploy.
Each environment separately,
whenever you need, so...
Yeah, exactly, exactly.
It makes, yeah,
it makes sense to create separate
pipelines for each environment,
but when it comes to the secrets,
Yeah.
I believe we should pretty much the
approach which should which we come up
with about the different keys should
handle this one as well.
Yeah,
then I think we are on the same page.
And this means this approach here is fine.
We have one secret manager only,
but that's not an issue because we tackle
it with the just discussed suffix
solution.
And we create pipelines to deploy oops.
just ABM separately from UAT,
and each of those will have a complete
set of all components required.
Right?
That's the understanding of this virtual
environment within the project.
Mhm.
Look for.
I think so, yeah.
Good, good.
that I think that's really a major step
forward towards clarity first.
And I would also put, of course,
When there is a timing issue or capacity
issue on your side, Nikolay,
priority is currently, I would say, ABN,
right? Because this is the next step.
Yeah,
I just want to say that I'm booked 20% on
Five to.
the new this point,
80% on that new P3 engine AI project that
I'm in. So,
Yeah.
Maybe I will talk with Maximilian,
so to book me for more person persons,
I don't know.
I mean, it's really crucial.
We need to get this up and running, right?
Yeah, Matthias,
can you probably like discuss this topic?
Yeah.
I would say with probably with Max and
Martin, because as Nicki mentioned,
if he's required to be 80% in the other
project, this doesn't really make sense.
I mean,
I don't think that you have capacity to
support here, so yeah, pretty much.
I believe that... Okay, okay.
I did raise it. I mean,
I raised it for last weeks.
Sure.
The issue is it seems to be a bottleneck
in whole P3.
The DevOps role is underrepresented.
Mhm.
That's an issue,
but I will erase it again. So, Nikolay,
you also say this is not possible within
the 20%, right? To do all of that for you.
Yeah, at least 50%.
But on the other project currently,
I don't have some urgent work to do.
So it's more like a support,
Okay.
it's not working, this is not working,
check it and so on.
Mm-hmm.
So I don't need to be 80% there.
Okay.
Let's, if we can do it 50-50,
it will be good.
Okay, that's good.
Yeah,
so it's more formal adjustment of the
capacity allocation.
Yeah.
It's.
Okay, I mean, yeah.
Good, thanks a lot. That's a good outcome.
I will update the documentation page to
make it transparent and then we can move
on. If you have done your stuff, Nikolay,
And...
please put it in the ticket and move the
ticket to in progress and so on so that
Max also has the overview.
Ohh, yeah, what should be the ticket?
Can you create it for me,
It's already there, yes.
I sent it in the chat.
or I need to create it? Yeah, yeah, OK.
Boyan, you had another topic?
No, I mean,
pretty much like you wrote something in
the chat to change,
not quite understand about this topic
with the different secrets.
What is due to happen till tomorrow?
I just think it's important to have this
decided, whether we go with a prefix,
Ohh.
suffix, and then someone needs to do it,
because otherwise we cannot differentiate
But...
between the cloud for log user and the
disk user.
Yeah, yeah, the question is like,
what is due to tomorrow?
Because the decision I believe we can
take until tomorrow.
Then that's fine, yeah.
But like the implementation,
I think it would take a little bit more
time than just a single day. So yeah,
probably like we can discuss exactly the
approach that we
will take tomorrow, I guess,
because you have that if I want tomorrow.
So I think it's a perfect place for this
as well.
Yep.
So we can discuss and we can come up with
an approach tomorrow,
but basically the implementation should
happen next week because like everybody
Yeah, it's all good.
is allocated right now. And I mean,
even like we have.
Yeah.
A little bit more work than we can take
for the sprint even,
but let's see how this one goes.
If something spills, it spills. But yeah,
And...
Yeah.
let's see how we go.
That's the, that's a good approach.
I would, I have prepared a story. I mean,
we can, I can,
I can take the decision already and then
we can refine the story and put it in the
sprint. That's it.
Okay.
Good.
Then we are aligned.
I will take the capacity thing with me.
And.
Okay, this is great.
Just one unrelated question which just
popped in my head, like those packages,
those schemas which they use.
What?
Because now if you ask me about the
Oracle, like in Oracle,
because you are also part of the cloud
for log, do you know, like, for example,
if you are working with ABN, let's say,
database, how do we...
For example, if I want to read, let's say,
the VD's transport or the review,
Mhm.
let's say, well, how should I address it?
Like TMS 1060 or ABN 1060?
How is this dictation happening?
The ABN is not part of the schema or
packages, I would say.
It's just the name of the database.
Within the database,
Big.
you have these restrictions or rather
assignments of users,
which requires the package to be
mentioned. That's how I understood it.
Okay.
Not the package, sorry.
The package is also the wrong term.
Okay, okay.
The user.
Okay, okay, see you.
TMS 1060 is the user,
and because TMS BR 1060 wants to use
objects of the TMS 1060 user,
it needs to prepend the name of the user
that the object belongs to.
Mhm, mhm.
That's how I understood it.
That's why I asked the question in the
chat. If this is a change on our side,
it would be quite a big one, or maybe not,
but it would be a change.
If we currently just execute select from
via this transport order.
And in the future,
we need to add select from TMS 1060 dot
readers transport order - that's an issue.
We don't have that information.
Okay, okay.
Right, is that a correct understanding?
Sure.
Yeah, I think, I think.
Viktoria.
Then it's literally a gap in the TMS
Bridge Oracle compatibility, if you will.
It's a missed requirement.
Which is?
You mean about by the about the different
connection strings, or what exactly,
No, no, no, no.
Do you need the 2nd information of the
because this is...
owner of an object?
Because otherwise,
how can you create a select when you
don't know which user owns it?
I mean,
the bridge user could even be called
Mariya or John.
Yeah, but we put this,
I believe we put this in the connection
string. I mean,
this should be part of the connection
string normally, so we know, like,
what the user is, just like,
we need to check, like,
how we are addressing those objects from,
probably this is the issue,
because this is the first time which we
And.
when we connect to this.
to like to Oracle database,
like we know the TMS supports it,
the bridge supports it because like Cloud
for Lock is working also with Oracle
databases. So it should be supporting it.
The question is the only probably gap
which is left is like we should check how
Cloud for Lock addresses those queries
when it comes to.
Oracle and probably we should do the same
in the new dispo because we know that the
Yeah.
bridge is able to connect with Oracle
database for sure.
Good point, yeah.
Yeah.
It does the same thing with that QM user.
On.
And also, new dispo wrappers, right?
It uses some dispo wrappers.
Um...
Or, or does it?
I think it it uh selects straight from
tables, bolaro, and stuff like that.
My expectation is that queries should be
working because it's the same way pretty
much they are addressing cloud for log.
Probably the problematic,
Mm.
not queries or mutations should be
working because we call predefined
mutations which are exposed,
so we should be fine there.
Like when we call mutation,
we don't know like.
Who, internally,
what object we are addressing from, like,
from this point of view,
we are just calling mutation and it works,
Mm.
so, like,
the only thing which where we have more
context about is when we call views and
probably this is this is the place
because this is what is failing currently
at the site,
this is the place where we are.
Addressing views wrongly,
probably in the wrong way,
It.
so he's checking currently this end to
see like what the situation is.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's good.
And then we need to decide that in or
look at it in the refinement tomorrow as
well, right?
Yeah, I mean,
hopefully it's like it's like once he
And.
figures out how he can reach a single
view,
it's the same approach basically for all
views. So we should be fine with this.
Yeah.
But yeah,
just it's good to hear the user so he can
like face decisions before it's too late.
Yeah, agreed.
Yeah.
OKOK, yeah.
Okay.
A lot of movement in the last meters,
right?
Uh, yeah, a little bit too much, but yeah.
Yeah.
We'll get it sorted out.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Okay.
Good, Ben. Thanks A lot.
I need to speak to you. Bye bye.
Thank you, guys, and speak with you later.
Thank you. Bye, bye.